todo.md, before:

# Todo

Inspo: https://tailwindcss.com/plus/ui-blocks/marketing/sections/bento-grids

Copy inspo: https://www.askvinny.com/
And https://stitch.withgoogle.com/

- Keep it simple
- Product
- Benefits
- FAQ
- Pricing
- Link tree page "Power up your business"
- Discount on pricing page

- Hero
- Posthog
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/seo-experiments>
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/seo>
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/link-checker>
- <https://intlayer.org/en-GB/blog/SEO-and-i18n>
- https://i18n.nuxtjs.org/docs/guide/per-component-translations
- 404 with nice image <https://tailwindcss.com/plus/ui-blocks/marketing/feedback/404-pages#component-9e31dc71bccd709e04de0ed11a1328b0>

## Security

- Add "No vibe coders"
- Rework the data policy and explanation

## DO NOT

- blog (multi lingual: https://github.com/nuxt/content/blob/main/examples/i18n/app/pages/%5B...slug%5D.vue && https://github.com/nuxt/content/issues/2596#issuecomment-2048025161)
- blog pre-rendering https://content.nuxt.com/docs/deploy/serverless
- cookies banner
- dropdown outside click

Commit message:

feat: add hero section with partners banner and security features

todo.md, after:

# Todo

Inspo: https://tailwindcss.com/plus/ui-blocks/marketing/sections/bento-grids

Copy inspo: https://www.askvinny.com/
And https://stitch.withgoogle.com/

## Inspiration

- For integrations: https://marketplace.stripe.com/, group the integrations by benefits "eg: grow your business instead of CRM"
- For a feature: https://stripe.com/gb/connect

## TODO

- Keep it simple
- FAQ
- Pricing
- Link tree page "Power up your business"
- Discount on pricing page

- Posthog
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/seo-experiments>
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/seo>
- <https://nuxt.com/modules/link-checker>
- <https://intlayer.org/en-GB/blog/SEO-and-i18n>
- https://i18n.nuxtjs.org/docs/guide/per-component-translations
- 404 with nice image <https://tailwindcss.com/plus/ui-blocks/marketing/feedback/404-pages#component-9e31dc71bccd709e04de0ed11a1328b0>

## Security

- Add "No vibe coders"
- Rework the data policy and explanation

## DO NOT

- blog (multi lingual: https://github.com/nuxt/content/blob/main/examples/i18n/app/pages/%5B...slug%5D.vue && https://github.com/nuxt/content/issues/2596#issuecomment-2048025161)
- blog pre-rendering https://content.nuxt.com/docs/deploy/serverless
- cookies banner
